Refs #34380 -- Added FORMS_URLFIELD_ASSUME_HTTPS transitional setting. (#17538)
django/django: docs/ref/settings.txt

* ``'``:class:`django.forms.renderers.Jinja2`\ ``'``
* ``'``:class:`django.forms.renderers.TemplatesSetting`\ ``'``

.. setting:: EARLY_ADOPT_URLFIELD_ASSUME_HTTPS

``EARLY_ADOPT_URLFIELD_ASSUME_HTTPS``
-------------------------------------

.. versionadded:: 5.0
.. deprecated:: 5.0

Default: ``False``

> It's a transitional setting helpful in early adoption of ``"https"`` as the new
> default value of :attr:`URLField.assume_scheme
> <django.forms.URLField.assume_scheme>`. Set this to ``True`` to assume
> ``"https"`` in ``URLField`` during the Django 5.x release cycle.

Reviewer: “It’s a” is unnecessary

“helpful” is vague

`URLField` -> `forms.URLField` clarifies where this applies

I think we can merge the info into one sentence:

```suggestion
Set this transitional setting to ``True`` to opt into using ``"https"`` as the
default value of
:attr:`forms.URLField.assume_scheme <django.forms.URLField.assume_scheme>`
during the Django 5.x release cycle.
```
